Liu Shao, what's wrong with you?
Xiao Wang
Can you make an appointment for me?
I want to apologize in person
No problem, I'll help you.
Ah, Mr. Ye was sucked and injured in the hospital
How is Mr. Ye?
Is the injury serious?
Go to the hospital and then go
Mr. Li, are you alright? Are you alright?
Nothing serious.
It's just a set on the stomach
What did the doctor say?
Didn't hurt the drug
Take a break.
It must be the Wang family
It must be Wang Kuan who did it
The previous kid's repeated disasters
Mr. Ye's hatred
I must feel unreconciled
That's why I'm looking for someone to be safe, Mr. Ye
Mr. Ye is the savior of our Liu family
Even our Ye family's salvation is touched
This Wang Kuan is simply cowardly
Mrs. Ye, don't worry.
I will definitely give it to you.
A satisfactory explanation with Mr. Ye